#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.12
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via uvicorn
cramjam==2.10.0
    # via python-snappy
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
faiss-cpu==1.9.0.post1
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.116.1
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via langchain-community
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
jiter==0.10.0
    # via openai
joblib==1.5.1
    # via scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
kafka-python==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain==0.3.26
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.18
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.68
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-openai==0.3.27
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.3.45
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
multidict==6.4.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   langchain-community
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
openai==1.95.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.18
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   pytest
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via pytest
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic==2.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.0
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.9.1
    # via langchain-community
pytest==8.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-asyncio
pytest-asyncio==0.23.7
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
python-snappy==0.7.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   uvicorn
regex==2024.11.6
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
scikit-learn==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.15.3
    # via scikit-learn
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.41
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.46.2
    # via fastapi
structlog==25.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via openai
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.34.3
    # via -r requirements.in
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via uvicorn
watchfiles==1.0.5
    # via uvicorn
websockets==15.0.1
    # via uvicorn
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
